# Weather Dashboard ## Live Demo Live Demo: [DEPLOYMENT_URL_PLACEHOLDER] ## Overview This project is a simple and responsive weather dashboard that displays current weather information. It fetches weather data from a local `weather.json` file and presents it in an easy-to-read format using Bootstrap cards and Font Awesome icons. ## Features * Current Weather Display: Shows temperature, weather condition, humidity, and wind speed. * Local Data Source: Loads all weather information from a `weather.json` file. * Responsive Design: Optimized for various screen sizes, from mobile to desktop. * Modern UI: Utilizes Bootstrap 5 for styling and Font Awesome for thematic icons. ## Technologies Used * HTML5: For structuring the web content. * CSS3 (Bootstrap 5): For responsive design and pre-built components. * JavaScript (ES6+): For fetching and displaying weather data dynamically. * Font Awesome: For scalable vector icons. ## Setup To run this project locally, follow these steps: 1. Clone the repository: ```bash git clone <repository_url> cd weather-dashboard ``` (Replace `<repository_url>` with the actual repository URL if this project were hosted on Git.) 2. Ensure `weather.json` is present: Make sure the `weather.json` file is in the same directory as `index.html`. This file contains the weather data that the dashboard will display. A sample `weather.json` could look like this: ```json { "location": "New York, USA", "temperature": "22°C", "condition": "Partly Cloudy", "humidity": "65%", "wind_speed": "12 km/h" } ``` 3. Open `index.html`: Simply open the `index.html` file in your web browser. No local server is strictly required as all resources are local or loaded via CDN. ## Usage Once `index.html` is opened in a browser, the weather dashboard will automatically load and display the weather data from `weather.json`. The dashboard is static and will reflect the data present in `weather.json` at the time of loading. ## Project Structure ``` . ├── index.html         # The main HTML file for the weather dashboard ├── README.md          # Project documentation ├── LICENSE            # MIT License text └── weather.json       # Local data file containing weather information ``` ## License This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.